to make a yeast dough he put Bettini up for the Eklat approach
in fact 80% fresh yeast is available for the help and there is
dried help from the bag
I prefer the fresh yeast
and you have to
Percent first because there were no longer start for some z
and one of those
our package about a third
Boston what's up
the deadlines is a living one
and that's why it's about becoming
eye-fi only along also warm milk
is offered and above all
what a little trick is a bit of sugar to do with it
because the lady governs the train or the sugar
and around
That's the approach
an advantage if you could go in with a little bit of sugar
a little bit of the lukewarm milk
on it
and I help out per job and gives some time
to form this approach
they sit so I let Danzer run somewhere on the stove
Of course, that's the birth too
Here, too, the citizens, I should be hot, I need for the yeast dough
preferably
warm ingredients but percent does not mean there is nothing cooking
and now I can take my breasts very much and the rest
The ingredients already
because prepared by recipe
I start with the seventh more
8th
touted as
and two threes
I can do that now at the beginning
Next, I'll go and get that butter
to
Hugo colorful
and around
because the train itself
after ten minutes
about this
Consistency so beautifully absorbed
and now I give it here too carefully
sometimes the dough
it is still missing
a little bit of lukewarm milk
just after recipe her husband case a quarter liter
times
still in the pot
Prof
APA
Now I start with my hand
to knead the whole well
so and around depending on the consistency, if the dough is still up to torture too
we just add a little bit more
until the
Dough is beautifully smooth
and if my place is a bit limited for kneading you can do so
But it is also important to knead on the board, but it is important
bit me here to stray with it not easy every leaf
because I can offer my help drinking water through the board
The goal is here
to get as supple dough as possible
no lumps from the surface is very smooth
I press
the dough
always after rounds of boards with the ball of your hand
Stiebig him the leaf that's me
being worked through by violence becomes really good
in order to accelerate this breakdown and childhood always
to be smoother
Depending on your strength, this can sometimes take up to fifteen minutes
then the party is not real
nice and smooth as they say
Knead 2 after fifteen minutes
is the dough then
so far
in my opinion it is beautifully supple but very smooth
Surface and he lets himself
nice to go apart without ripping
So really adopted a different consistency
and around
be formed into a sphere
Now the yeast dough has to go next, that is
he must go on the help must percent in the part of the work
for that we go back to the
April he has his on
to warm
Wind quiet place
something to do with hotelplan when go belgium turkey too he will always be
Larger and thus Starline has a crosswise way up
so it can rise
it does not get dry
I would have the whole thing with me
stoked on wet clock
now I'll put them on
Wiesbaden place
more for example
the whole now takes at least 30 minutes percent
and who would have to wait so long now
for a yeast dough
has gone up
I can do that carefully
touring today
and when you see the salon really worked out, Survive Wreath is out
now that I have him carefully out of the bowl
Environment that
Pratt first sprinkle a bit with flour again
and now Mr. Schmidt is feverish again
they have
Naturally Speaking means I have to help them out a bit
then comes too
to the moon
Now I want to go through it again really strong
and this one
ready to be processed further, for example
to be rolled out